Title: Tools for Data Science
URL: https://www.coursera.org/learn/open-source-tools-for-data-science
Description: Offered by IBM. In order to be successful in Data Science, you need to be skilled with using tools that Data Science professionals employ as ... Enroll for free.
Instructor: IBM
Rating: 4.516214078565779 out of 5 (30344 ratings)
Level: Beginner
Duration: PT16H16M28S
Skills: Describe the Data ScientistГўВҖВҷs tool kit which includes: Libraries &amp; Packages, Data sets, Machine learning models, and Big Data tools&#xa0;  , Utilize languages commonly used by data scientists like Python, R, and SQL&#xa0;  , Demonstrate working knowledge of tools such as Jupyter notebooks and RStudio and utilize their various features&#xa0;&#xa0;  , Create and manage source code for data science using Git repositories and GitHub.&#xa0;  

Full Content:
Tools for Data Science | Coursera Tools for Data Science Tools for Data Science This course is part of multiple programs. Learn more This course is part of multiple programs Introduction to Data Science Specialization Data Science Fundamentals with Python and SQL Specialization IBM Data Science Professional Certificate Data Science Foundations Specialization OK Instructors: Aije Egwaikhide +3 more Instructors Instructor ratings We asked all learners to give feedback on our instructors based on the quality of their teaching style. 4.5 ( 5,131 ratings ) Aije Egwaikhide IBM 6 Courses ГўВҖВў 797,987 learners Svetlana Levitan IBM 1 Course ГўВҖВў 595,564 learners Romeo Kienzler IBM 10 Courses ГўВҖВў 835,551 learners Maureen McElaney IBM 1 Course ГўВҖВў 595,564 learners OK Enroll for free Starts May 28 595,564 already enrolled Included with Coursera Plus ГўВҖВў Learn more 6 modules Gain insight into a topic and learn the fundamentals. 4.5 30,344 reviews Beginner level Recommended experience Recommended experience Beginner level Anyone can complete this course in a self-paced manner without any prior programming or Data Science experience.ГӮ OK Flexible schedule 2 weeks at 10 hours a week Learn at your own pace 89% Most learners liked this course 6 modules Gain insight into a topic and learn the fundamentals. 4.5 30,344 reviews Beginner level Recommended experience Recommended experience Beginner level Anyone can complete this course in a self-paced manner without any prior programming or Data Science experience.ГӮ OK Flexible schedule 2 weeks at 10 hours a week Learn at your own pace 89% Most learners liked this course What you'll learn Describe the Data ScientistГўВҖВҷs tool kit which includes: Libraries & Packages, Data sets, Machine learning models, and Big Data toolsГӮ Utilize languages commonly used by data scientists like Python, R, and SQLГӮ Demonstrate working knowledge of tools such as Jupyter notebooks and RStudio and utilize their various featuresГӮ ГӮ Create and manage source code for data science using Git repositories and GitHub.ГӮ Skills you'll gain Machine Learning Software Development Tools Data Science Other Programming Languages Statistical Programming Development Environment Cloud Hosting Cloud Computing Data Visualization Software Open Source Technology Show all Tools you'll learn Query Languages GitHub R (Software) Python Programming Git (Version Control System) Jupyter Application Programming Interface (API) R Programming Details to know Shareable certificate Add to your LinkedIn profile Assessments 13 assignments Taught in English 27 languages available 91% of learners achieved a positive career outcome See how employees at top companies are mastering in-demand skills Learn more about Coursera for Business Build your subject-matter expertise This course is available as part of multiple programs When you enroll in this course, you'll also be asked to select a specific program. Learn new concepts from industry experts Gain a foundational understanding of a subject or tool Develop job-relevant skills with hands-on projects Earn a shareable career certificate There are 6 modules in this course In order to be successful in Data Science, you need to be skilled with using tools that Data Science professionals employ as part of their jobs. This course teaches you about the popular tools in Data Science and how to use them. You will become familiar with the Data ScientistГўВҖВҷs tool kit which includes: Libraries & Packages, Data Sets, Machine Learning Models, Kernels, as well as the various Open source, commercial, Big Data and Cloud-based tools. Work with Jupyter Notebooks, JupyterLab, RStudio IDE, Git, GitHub, and Watson Studio. You will understand what each tool is used for, what programming languages they can execute, their features and limitations. This course gives plenty of hands-on experience in order to develop skills for working with these Data Science Tools. With the tools hosted in the cloud on Skills Network Labs, you will be able to test each tool and follow instructions to run simple code in Python, R, or Scala. Towards the end the course, you will create a final project with a Jupyter Notebook. You will demonstrate your proficiency preparing a notebook, writing Markdown, and sharing your work with your peers. Overview of Data Science Tools Module 1 ГўВҖВў 3 hours to complete Module details In this module, you will learn about the different types and categories of tools that data scientists use and popular examples of each. You will also become familiar with Open Source, Cloud-based, and Commercial options for data science tools. What's included 6 videos 4 readings 3 assignments 1 plugin Show info about module content 6 videos ГўВҖВў Total 39 minutes Course Introduction ГўВҖВў 3 minutes Categories of Data Science Tools ГўВҖВў 8 minutes Open Source Tools for Data Science - Part 1 ГўВҖВў 8 minutes Open Source Tools for Data Science - Part 2 ГўВҖВў 5 minutes Commercial Tools for Data Science ГўВҖВў 7 minutes Cloud Based Tools for Data Science ГўВҖВў 8 minutes 4 readings ГўВҖВў Total 45 minutes Learning goals for the course ГўВҖВў 10 minutes Model Development ГўВҖВў 10 minutes Summary: Open Source Tools for Data Science ГўВҖВў 20 minutes Module 1 Summary ГўВҖВў 5 minutes 3 assignments ГўВҖВў Total 54 minutes Graded Quiz - Data Science Tools ГўВҖВў 30 minutes Practice Quiz: Introduction to Data Science Tools ГўВҖВў 12 minutes Practice Quiz: Commercial and Cloud-Based Data Science Tools ГўВҖВў 12 minutes 1 plugin ГўВҖВў Total 15 minutes Open Source Tool Board ГўВҖВў 15 minutes Languages of Data Science Module 2 ГўВҖВў 1 hour to complete Module details For users who are just starting on their data science journey, the range of programming languages can be overwhelming. So, which language should you learn first? This module will bring awareness about the criteria that would determine which language you should learn. You will learn the benefits of Python, R, SQL, and other common languages such as Java, Scala, C++, JavaScript, and Julia. You will explore how 
